readme.md, before:

# Playwright Test Refactored Using Page Objects Model 

This repo contains a tests I previously wrote and wanted to use as practice in transferring into a test that utilizes the POM classes. With the help from my mentor and this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAec3mZFhF0&t=1582s

### Tech Stack 
- Javascript
- Node.js
- Playwright

### Files
- `originalPodcastTest.spec.js` is the original test. 
- `refactorPodcastTest.spec.js` is the refactored test.
- `pages` folder contains the POM classes.
- `addToCart2yearWarranty.spec.js`, `addToCartDenyWarranty.spec.js`, `ASINproductSearches.spec.js` are also refactored tests, you can view the original repo containing them [here](https://github.com/MRJOHN5ON/SocialQAproject)
  

### Flow of the `Podcast` test:

1. Go to amazon music page. 
2. Click on the podcast section. 
3. Click on the first podcast.
4. Click on the share button. 
5. Read the share link shown the text field.
6. Click the copy button which automatically adds the link to the clipboard.
7. Compare the link in the clipboard with the link shown in the text field and assert that they are the same.

#### Screenshots for visual reference:

- `page.getByRole('link', { name: 'Podcasts' })`<img src="./screenshots/1.png">

- `page.locator('music-vertical-item').first()` <img src="./screenshots/2.png">
- `page.getByTestId('detailHeaderButton2')`<img src="./screenshots/3.png">
- `page.getByTestId("dialog").locator("input")`<img src="./screenshots/4.png">
- `page.locator('music-button').filter({ hasText: 'Copy link' }).getByRole('button')`<img src="./screenshots/5.png">

### Flow of the `addToCart2yearWarranty.spec.js`
1. Navigate to the product page
2. Add the product to the cart
3. Verify the 2-year warranty checkbox is visible and select it
4. Confirm the warranty checkbox is checked
5. Ensure the "Add Protection" button is visible and click it
6. Verify the success message is displayed
7. Check the cart item count is visible and matches the expected count
8. View the cart and verify the item subtotal is correct
9. Proceed to checkout and confirm the URL redirects to the sign-in page
#### Video for visual reference:
[Watch the video on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0s31v-AiT58)

### Flow of the `addToCartDenyWarranty.spec.js`
1. Navigate to the product page
2. Add the product to the cart
3. When the warranty panel is visible, click the "No thanks" button
4. After the warranty panel is dismissed, verify the success message is displayed
5. Check the cart item count is visible and matches the expected count
6. View the cart and verify the item subtotal is correct
7. Proceed to checkout and confirm the URL redirects to the sign-in page

### Flow of the `ASINproductSearches.spec.js`
1. Navigate to the Amazon website
2. Search for a product using the search box
3. Click on the first search result
4. Verify the product page is displayed and save the product title
5. Extract the ASIN number from an attribute in the customer reviews section
6. Go back to amazon home page and search for the same product using the ASIN number
7. Verifies that the product page found with the ASIN number is the same product initially searched for


# Important notes:
- I used the `page.getByTestId` method to locate some elements.
- `testIdAttribute: 'id'` is added in the `playwright.config.js file.`
- DUE TO AMAZON'S ANTI BOT DETECTION, THIS PROJECT TYPICALLY FAILS IN CI :(

Commit message:

ASIN product searches uses both enter key and btn.

readme.md, after:

# Playwright Test Refactored Using Page Objects Model 

This repo contains a tests I previously wrote and wanted to use as practice in transferring into a test that utilizes the POM classes. With the help from my mentor and this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rAec3mZFhF0&t=1582s

### Tech Stack 
- Javascript
- Node.js
- Playwright

### Files
- `originalPodcastTest.spec.js` is the original test. 
- `refactorPodcastTest.spec.js` is the refactored test.
- `pages` folder contains the POM classes.
- `addToCart2yearWarranty.spec.js`, `addToCartDenyWarranty.spec.js`, `ASINproductSearches.spec.js` are also refactored tests, you can view the original repo containing them [here](https://github.com/MRJOHN5ON/SocialQAproject)
  

### Flow of the `Podcast` test:

1. Go to amazon music page. 
2. Click on the podcast section. 
3. Click on the first podcast.
4. Click on the share button. 
5. Read the share link shown the text field.
6. Click the copy button which automatically adds the link to the clipboard.
7. Compare the link in the clipboard with the link shown in the text field and assert that they are the same.

#### Screenshots for visual reference:

- `page.getByRole('link', { name: 'Podcasts' })`<img src="./screenshots/1.png">

- `page.locator('music-vertical-item').first()` <img src="./screenshots/2.png">
- `page.getByTestId('detailHeaderButton2')`<img src="./screenshots/3.png">
- `page.getByTestId("dialog").locator("input")`<img src="./screenshots/4.png">
- `page.locator('music-button').filter({ hasText: 'Copy link' }).getByRole('button')`<img src="./screenshots/5.png">

### Flow of the `addToCart2yearWarranty.spec.js`
1. Navigate to the product page
2. Add the product to the cart
3. Verify the 2-year warranty checkbox is visible and select it
4. Confirm the warranty checkbox is checked
5. Ensure the "Add Protection" button is visible and click it
6. Verify the success message is displayed
7. Check the cart item count is visible and matches the expected count
8. View the cart and verify the item subtotal is correct
9. Proceed to checkout and confirm the URL redirects to the sign-in page
#### Video for visual reference:
[Watch the video on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0s31v-AiT58)

### Flow of the `addToCartDenyWarranty.spec.js`
1. Navigate to the product page
2. Add the product to the cart
3. When the warranty panel is visible, click the "No thanks" button
4. After the warranty panel is dismissed, verify the success message is displayed
5. Check the cart item count is visible and matches the expected count
6. View the cart and verify the item subtotal is correct
7. Proceed to checkout and confirm the URL redirects to the sign-in page

### Flow of the `ASINproductSearches.spec.js`
1. Navigate to the Amazon website
2. Search for a product using the search box and the enter key
3. Click on the first search result
4. Verify the product page is displayed and save the product title
5. Extract the ASIN number from an attribute in the customer reviews section
6. Go back to amazon home page and search for the same product using the ASIN number and clicking on the search button
7. Verifies that the product page found with the ASIN number is the same product initially searched for


# Important notes:
- I used the `page.getByTestId` method to locate some elements.
- `testIdAttribute: 'id'` is added in the `playwright.config.js file.`
- DUE TO AMAZON'S ANTI BOT DETECTION, THIS PROJECT TYPICALLY FAILS IN CI :(
